.
the the
From WAMU and NPR in Washington, D.C., I'm Lynn Neary of NPR, sitting in for Diane Rehm.
She's away for treatment of her voice disorder, and she will be back soon.
A great library cannot be constructed.
It is the growth of ages.
That's one of the many ideas that author Nicholas Basbanes explores in his new book.
It's called Patience and Fortitude, a Roving Chronicle of Book People, Book Places, and Book Culture.
It's full of stories about people who have devoted their lives to the written word, about the public institutions that house our most valuable and extensive collections, and about the personal vision behind many private libraries.
Nicholas Basbanes joins me in the studio.
Good to have you here this morning.
Thank you very much, Lynn.
Pleasure to be here.
Now, this book is part of a project that is going to be a trilogy, as I understand.
Maybe you can tell us a little bit about that project.
It's definitely going to be a trilogy, and I threatened to make it a tetralogy.
Who knows?
But the first book was titled A Gentle Madness, which appeared in 1995, and the premise there was to develop...
This idea that so much of what we treasure and value of our history, our culture, our heritage, we owe to these nutty, eccentric book collectors.
I laugh because every time I think of them, they're fabulous people who have been dedicated to preserve these artifacts, which it turns out to be such things as the Beowulf manuscripts, you know, for the British epic, or Francis Parkman going south.
during the Civil War from Boston to collect all these Confederate imprints, now giving the Boston Athenaeum and Boston the finest collection of Confederate imprints you can find anywhere.
Well, that's what General Madness attempted to demonstrate through history and also the great living collectors.
Patience and Fortitude, and trust me, it's not a Jane Austen novel.
People say to me, they look at the title,
Well, we should tell people where that title comes from because it's a good story.
Exactly, because Patience and Fortitude are the names, the unofficial names, of the lions that stand guard in front of the New York Public Library on Fifth Avenue at 42nd Street in New York.
And it's very interesting and very timely, I think, how they got those names.
During the Great Depression, a very charismatic mayor of New York City, Fiorello LaGuardia, called the Little Flower, used to give a Sunday night radio address to the people to try and prop them up, to encourage them to survive the great ordeal.
And he unfailingly ended this broadcast with these inspirational words, basically, we will all make it through these very difficult times, what we must exercise are patience and fortitude.
And it was these stirring words and these virtues that became the unofficial names of these lions, which had been there since 1911.
And when you think of so many libraries that have lions as guardians at the gates of knowledge, it's not just the New York Public Library, of course.
You can look at the old British Museum in England, they have lions.
Boston Public Library, we have a pair of lions.
The Morgan Library in New York, the Art Institute of Chicago, lions as guardians.
This seemed to me quite an interesting and worthwhile image and a metaphor to use as a title that could be used for a book that had a collective thrust.
In Gentle Madness, the premise was straightforward.
It was collecting as a preservation medium.
Now, as you have correctly pointed out, this book takes in the much broader concept of book culture, libraries being a very major element in that exploration.
Right.
And you were inspired to do this, or you got the idea for this theme at some point as you were doing the first book, isn't that right?
I try very shamelessly, actually, to make what I hope is a seamless connection between Gentle Madness and Patience and Fortitude.
And it came, really, what I call the great epiphanous moment came during the frantic rush to close the galleys for Gentle Madness, and this was in April of 1995, and it happened that I needed very desperately to...
To get a bibliographical detail, I won't go into all the minutiae of it, but I had to get hold of a book.
It was the Pepys Catalogue from 1911 to the Pepys Library.
Very rare edition for the Pepys Catalogue.
There was an earlier edition from 1859, the later one, but I had to have this one from 1911.
I couldn't find it at Harvard where I do most of my research.
I couldn't find it at the Boston Public Library.
Finally, I go to the Boston Athenaeum, which has been a work in progress, as I say, on this new book since 1812 when it was established.
It's a private library, but a distinguished library.
Anyone can join.
You have to have a passion for books and for research and for learning and for reading.
It's a reader's library.
Well, there in the basement on a dusty shelf, I found the three volumes.
And as I look at them, they have been uncut.
The pages have never been opened.
I looked at the paste down in the rear.
It's never been signed out.
And as I am now signing these books out at the front desk, and we still did sign out, there was no scanner there at that time.
There now is a scanner at the Athenaeum.
I say something really dumb like, wow, 84 years.
This was 1995.
84 years.
These books have never been read.
They've never been borrowed.
Who do you suppose they bought these books for anyway?
And the gentleman who's signing me out pauses momentarily, looks up.
fastens his unblinking eyes on my, and he says, we bought them for you, Mr. Bassbanks.
I thought about this.
It was one of these moments.
They did buy these books for me, even though nobody for close to 100 years had ever used them.
And this is a very pertinent issue, one that I explore in this book, because at many libraries throughout the United States today, you will find that they use their computers, and they will see that if a book hasn't been read or borrowed in, say, five years...
five years, at many places, it is a candidate now for deaccession or discarding.
And here is a case where they don't throw anything away.
I write about academic libraries in this new book, Harvard University, which has 14.1 million books.
The policy at Harvard is there is no such thing as a dead book at Harvard, and I believe there is no such thing as a dead book.
It's just waiting for the next reader to come along and to discover it.
Well, let's talk about that, because you get into this in the book about just what is a library, really, and different ideas about what a library is and what it should be.
It's a very perceptive question.
Thank you.
It is really, I think, the essential theme of the book.
A library is more than a building.
It's an institution that has evolved...
Certainly over the last 4,000 years, but for my purposes, the arc of this book, it's very clear.
I started in Alexandria in Egypt in 300 BC, and I went, and this is why I call these places book places and not necessarily libraries.
because there is no ancient library from Alexandria still standing.
There are really no relics, but it is certainly an essential book place.
And I travel there.
I make my pilgrimage, and I write about what began there.
And then I go full circle, 600 pages or so later into the book.
I come back to Alexandria, where they are about to open a 21st century library.
And then through the course of the book, I do tend to meander as I write.
discussion as well as in my writing but i do tend to travel around and we discuss the evolution of the library as an institution not only as a place to contain books but to nurture scholarship to preserve our culture
Well, let's begin with Alexandria.
What did it represent, that ancient Alexandria library?
It was really the first great library in what we could call a modern sense.
I mean, there had undoubtedly been repositories in Egypt and Mesopotamia, libraries that were 1,000, 1,500 years older, but in Alexandria...
It was not only a collection of books, not just religious books by any means, but works of the intellect, and also a place where scholars gathered to do research.
People came there to work and to study and to produce new works, and the original intention was
It seems preposterous today to think this is possible, but to gather all of the world's knowledge and store it under one roof.
And they really made a very determined effort to do this.
And, in fact, they probably did it for the period of the time.
But this is the great example of Alexandria, this beacon of knowledge and this repository of the intellect.
And the modern library has to take into account technology, and that's a subject that you get in, how technology is changing reality.
What the library is all about.
Is it about books?
Or is it about other kinds of media?
Again, we come back, I think, to the resonance of the title, which is Patience and Fortitude.
These are interesting times that we live in.
It happens to be a new millennium and a new century.
But we are at a time in history where the book is threatened, at least, to become a marginal object, the printed book.
Is the book going?
And that's why when you ask that question about this epiphanous moment, when I see a book that they've saved for 84 years, even though nobody has ever asked for it before,
We have instances where books are being, I hate to use the word dumped, but I guess there's not a better word to use for that particular phenomenon.
And I do cite the instance in here of the San Francisco Public Library story, which Nicholson... Tell that story, yeah.
Well, as many of your listeners might know, Nicholson Baker, who also had a book come out earlier this year called Double Fold on another issue...
But he wrote a piece in the New Yorker about 1996 or so, reporting on what had then been something that people hadn't even known about.
The New Main Library, called the New Main, had just opened in 1996 in San Francisco.
The voters of San Francisco had approved a $140 million bond issue.
to build a brand new library, and the city was overwhelmingly in support of it.
But when the library opened, lo and behold, even though it had more square footage than the building it replaced, there was less room in there to store books.
And as a consequence, at least 200,000 books, perhaps as many as 500,000 books,
They weren't even catalogued or formally deaccessioned.
They were just taken off and sent to a landfill without anybody knowing about it.
So Baker wrote about this in The New Yorker.
What was in their place?
A space.
It's a beautiful building.
I mean, it's an atrium.
There's a six-story atrium.
Gorgeous.
It's a gorgeous building.
I don't mean to denigrate the skill of the architect.
She did a marvelous job in building a building, but they really... And this was a very mindful...
sort of departure that the people who had conceived of this library, the gentleman who was the librarian at the time of the San Francisco Public Library, a gentleman by the name of Kenneth Dowell, had written a book called The Electronic Library.
His vision was, and this is shared by a lot of people in the information world, that the future is not in printed books.
The future is perhaps in the Internet and electronic services.
But when this became known, when it was learned that these books were gone, I mean, I interview a famous, wonderful short story writer and essayist, Tilly Olson, who lives in San Francisco.
Now, this woman has never finished high school, does not have a formal earned degree from a college, but she has multiple honorary degrees.
Wonderful writer.
Perhaps her best-known book is called Silences, and she mentions that her university is the public library.
She did all of her work at libraries all over the United States, but particularly in San Francisco.
She was a great supporter of building a new library, but the day it opened, and she went in, and she said, my God, what happened to the books?
Where are the books?
And then she became a great critic of what had happened, and I interview her.
She's one of multiple people.
You contrasted also an example of a library that's different than that.
It's a New York library.
I take what we might regard as an east side, west side approach to public libraries, and it's just a matter of geography.
in a chapter I call The People's Palace.
I do take a look at both the Boston Public Library and the New York Public Library, but I could easily have included the Cleveland Public Library or the Los Angeles Public Library, great, great municipal institutions, public libraries for the people, distinct from the national libraries as another institution, which I write about, an academic library.
So I do deal with these issues.
in a different sense.
But in Boston we have 8 million books, perhaps 20 million objects.
The New York Public Library is the largest, greatest, most accessible public library in the world.
And, of course, there the books are treasured and they are kept.
I'm not saying the books are not treasured in San Francisco.
They did go through a period there.
There was a post-occupancy evaluation study, and they have concluded that to make this library a truly modern library,
They're going to have to spend $28 million, and most of this money is going to be spent to allow for the storage of books.
Okay, for all you book lovers out there, and I know that there are many of you out there in this audience, we will be taking your questions for Nicholas Bazbaines when we return from a short break.
Thank you.
Welcome back.
I'm Lynn Neary sitting in for Diane Rehm.
Nicholas Bazbaines is with me today in the studio, and we are talking about his new book, Patience and Fortitude, a roving chronicle of book people, book places, and book culture.
I guess I wanted to ask you, who are the book people in this book?
Your first book was about collectors.
And you touch on collectors again in this book also.
I rather shamelessly have a chapter in here I call Madness Redux.
And that's the third chapter.
And I like to say these are six people who I would have included in Gentle Madness if I had only known about them at the time.
So there is one chapter in here that is quite pointedly about the collector.
I like to think the scholar-collector.
But as I said earlier, in this book, I decided to try and explore the full world, the broader spectrum, not only the book collector, but the scholar bookseller.
I have people like Roger Stoddard, who's the curator of rare books at the Houghton Library at Harvard University, tell me quite seriously everything that he knows about rare books he's learned from booksellers.
When you think about people whose job it is, as John Hill Britton said, to see value where others see only piles of rubbish, to go and find obscure, we're not talking about Shakespeare, everybody knows Shakespeare is fantastic, but to find things, things obscure, obscure materials, and to determine their significance and their importance and why they should be in a great research collection.
This is what many, many booksellers through history have done.
Well, you visit some of the people's favorite bookstores, and one that you write about that I'm more familiar with, and the others is The Strand in New York.
Isn't that a fabulous place?
And again, we talk about it's not libraries only.
It's places like The Strand Bookstore and our Powell's out in Oregon.
But The Strand, like yourself, is one that I'm very familiar with.
I've been going there for many years doing research in The Strand Bookstore, you know, this place that doesn't have any air conditioning, any heat.
The paint is peeling off the walls.
The owner tells me every time I try to clean the place up, I lose business.
One of the reasons being because there's such a constant turnover.
The first thing I do whenever I go into a new city, a city I haven't been, or a city I haven't been to in a while, I always try to find the second-hand bookstore.
I know the antiquarian booksellers, and I certainly regard them equally.
It's like, which of your children do you love more?
I love them all equally, but I also want to find the second-hand bookstores.
where you go in and you see things that are out of print, see things you've never heard of before, and you know instantly you have to have them, and you have to buy them and make them part of your library.
The Strand has, I guess they say, 13 1â„2 miles of books piled everywhere, and it is really a crazy but I think also essential place.
I think the daughter of the store's owner said something like, more books come into the store every day than go out.
She almost made it like a biological statement.
We don't know how this happens, but they seem to reproduce it.
And we don't really know how that happens.
And there was another bookstore owner you spoke with, I don't think it was the Strand, who said that he doesn't trust a bookstore that's neat.
Peter Howard, owner of Serendipity Books in Berkeley, California.
I think that every bibliophile deserves to treat themselves at least to one visit to Serendipity in Berkeley, California.
Pierre is really a one-man show.
I mean, he has a few people working for him, but he has a half a million books in here, all selected and culled, he says.
And he said what makes his bookstore, his operation, aptly named Serendipity, work is the fact that he constantly has turnover.
You go in, the books are piled everywhere.
You sit in these little chairs.
And he says, I mistrust stories that are neat as a pin.
And I think anyone would agree that Serendipity is not neat as a pin, just the contrary.
Right.
What about private libraries and the tradition of private libraries?
I really dealt with the private library more in A Gentle Madness, although I do with that chapter I mentioned, Madness Redux, give you six notable collectors who have followed the cycle of books that I tried to establish as a subtext in Gentle Madness to wit.
We need two kinds of collector.
We need the kind of collector who was one of the people I write about in Gentle Madness, a man named Abel Berland.
His books just sold at Christie's in New York two and a half weeks ago for $14 million.
One of the books, A First Folio of Shakespeare, went for $6.2 million.
I was asked by a reporter, why is it that somebody would spend, this was before the book was sold, it was expected it would get $3 million.
Why would somebody want to spend $1 million, $2 million, $3 million dollars
for a book that contains a text that anyone who knows how to use the Internet can download for free.
I mean, I believe you can go to the Internet and find the text of Hamlet or Macbeth or Romeo and Juliet, and it's a fair question.
But I think we are talking now about a book that has some iconic value.
When I touch that first folio of Shakespeare, printed in 1623, and fully 20 of the plays in there come to us from no other source,
I mean, you wouldn't have The Tempest.
You wouldn't have Macbeth.
You wouldn't have Antony and Cleopatra.
You wouldn't have those plays if it doesn't come to us from this text.
When I touch this book, I'm touching something that brings me as close to William Shakespeare as I'm ever going to get.
And there's a value.
There's an iconic value to that.
And we need these people to preserve these objects.
Now, that's one kind of collector that I write about.
But then there's the other kind of collector, like a woman I write about, Diana Korzenek.
from Massachusetts.
She used to go out to all the flea markets in New England, and for $5 and $10 she would find all of these art implements that teachers used in the 19th century, things that nobody had ever heard of before.
She was a teacher at Massachusetts College of Art in Boston, and she put together a collection that she now gave to the Huntington Library in California,
which is an essential element now that makes sense as a collection.
If you were to take one item out of there, you would never have heard of the title before, but what matters is the collection.
I call this a synergistic kind of a collection where the total, where the sum is greater than the individual parts.
Its importance and relevance is as a research resource.
Another collection that you wrote about that was interesting was a collection of children's books.
There's a collection of children's books in New York.
Oh, well, that's a fabulous, that's a really very poignant story.
I call that chapter Many Years.
For my listeners out there of Greek extraction, as am I, I'm Greek-American, it comes from a phrase called krona pola, which means many years.
I really don't explain what that means in the chapter until the very end.
It's a very poignant story.
It's about a gentleman by the name of Lloyd Coatsen, a very prominent Los Angeles philanthropist, businessman.
He founded the Neutrogena Company, suffered a very horrible personal loss of his wife and a son, and I won't go into the details here, but...
One of the elements we look for in the building of a great library is not merely the means or the knowledge, but the motivation.
And what Mr. Coatsin did was put together a library that now numbers 80,000 volumes in 36 languages,
and persuaded his alma mater, Princeton University, to not only take these books, but he built a small wing to the Firestone Library, endowed it with funds, pays for the staff, but to persuade an Ivy League institution to take 80,000 books in a subject that doesn't support the curriculum in any way.
It didn't then, and now it does.
I mean, children's literature.
And not only to accept the books, but to establish outreach programs where you go out into the communities and where you invite people
people from neighborhoods to come in, and children to come in and interact with these books.
So these private collections frequently are a cornerstone of what then becomes a public... A public resource.
Part of a public library.
Very, very often.
Can I tell you one quick Lloyd Coatsen story?
I really wanted to have him in Gentle Madness.
I knew about him.
But at that point in the early 90s, he was still building the library.
The book came out.
I was signing books at a fair in Los Angeles.
This gentleman came up, introduced himself.
We'd only talked on the phone.
I said, Mr. Coatsen, how are you?
He said, Mr. Basman.
He said, my friends can't believe I had a chance to be in a General Madness, and I turned it down.
And I said, well, guess what?
You've got another chance.
And thus he gets into patience and fortitude.
I really think it's a very poignant story, and thank you for asking about it.
Let's take some calls because we do have some book lovers on the line now.
Joseph in Cleveland, Ohio.
Yes, hello.
Hi, Joseph.
Yeah, Dr. Besbaines, I wanted to know if you could repeat the subtitle of Patience and Fortitude and the title of the third book in the trilogy, if you know that yet.
And then finally...
If you could talk about how you developed your fascination with libraries and with books for that matter.
Okay.
The first two are very easy.
Patience and Fortitude.
The subtitle is A Roving Chronicle of Book People, Book Places, and Book Culture.
The title of the work in progress is Life Beyond Life, colon, The Permanence of Books in an Impermanent World.
And allow me, there's a very cute story, interesting story.
When I submitted the manuscript for Patience and Fortitude, it was 18 chapters.
This book now is 12 chapters.
And I had made a pretty dramatic departure in the final section of the book, which takes in the issues of the destruction of books through history, the destruction of cultures, and to demonstrate as a premise that if you really choose to destroy a people,
as the carthaginians did for instance you have to destroy their books and we've had we've had examples of this in recent times in sarajevo where in one night in 1992 1992 the national library was targeted deliberately destroyed 1.2 million books in an attempt not only to to use the phrase uh ethnic cleanse the people to to to to kill the people but to destroy
the record of their culture.
So I get into these questions.
I try to do a lot of stories through history, a lot of contemporary stories in the attempts to recede these libraries.
When I talk about preservation issues, I will get into the whole concept of the electronic book and the printed book in greater depth than I do in this book.
But the title, Life Beyond Life, comes from the famous quote in John Milton's Aria Bajitica, where
Let me see if I can get it right.
Books being the precious lifeblood of a master spirit embalmed and treasured upon a purpose to a life beyond life.
That's beautiful.
Thank you.
I think so.
This book, Patience and Fortitude, almost was titled Life Beyond Life, but I thought it more appropriate for the next book.
And just, Joseph, I'm going to ask Mr. Bazbaines to answer your second question.
Thanks so much for your call.
Thank you, Joseph.
How did you develop this lifelong love fascination?
Do we have two hours for this?
No, no, we don't.
Briefly, I was a book review editor for 13 years in Massachusetts.
One of the things that I did every week, unfailingly, was to do an interview with a major author, not unlike what we're doing right now, and write a column, a feature article, which I wrote for my newspaper, then the Worcester Telegram, and later for 22 other newspapers around the country.
And I would always ask these authors to sign or inscribe, mainly to inscribe personally, the copy of the book.
I became the bibliophile.
I went over the cliff when I would interview Joseph Heller, for instance, about the new novel,
He had just written, God knows.
Well, I had to go out and get a copy of Catch-22, of course.
Arthur Miller about time bends, which was his memoir.
Well, I would have to go out and get Death of a Salesman.
And I became this fanatical book collector, which is not a good thing to do if you're also a book critic and you're getting review copies.
You're acquiring thousands of books.
And then my inclination as a journalist led me to write about this whole book world, this book culture.
author Nicholas Bazbaines.
I'm Lynn Neary, and you're listening to The Diane Rehm Show.
If you have any questions for Mr. Bazbaines, or if you would like to join our discussion, give us a call at 1-800-433-8850.
And Jeff in Princeton, New Jersey, hello.
Hi, I'm so excited to hear you on the air.
I was interested to hear you talk about the Children's Library here in Princeton.
I'm a graduate student in Classics at the University, and my wife works for
the Princeton YWCA, so they take kids there quite often.
That's exactly what Mr. Coatsen wants to happen.
And the kids love it.
Excellent.
My question has to do with the afterlife of books that were once public.
And I guess that's sort of a comment, and then to hear your response.
I see the afterlife sort of as, you know, can be virtuous or also horrible.
And the virtuous one is people like me who are
covetous of anything we can get.
And one of our greatest sources is ex-library books.
And sometimes I'll find the most incredible resource that, you know, from the turn of the century or even earlier for classics that I never thought I would find that, you know, I think some poor college just will never have those, but I do now at least.
But then the destructive side, there's an article by Robert Darnton called The Great Book Massacre.
And he talks about the destruction of newspapers and other historical records because libraries don't think they'll last.
They get put on the celluloid and then the celluloid itself disintegrates.
And so, anyway, I wondered what, you know, if you see,
how you see the afterlife of ex-public books.
Thanks, Jeff.
Jeff, those are excellent questions, and you anticipate in many ways my next book.
In fact, one of the chapters that I had written, which I am now updating for the next book and will be in there, is one I call shelf life.
But I love your expression, the afterlife of books, too.
I wrote that one down.
But I begin that chapter by noting that one of my sub-collections, a collection within a collection, is ex-libris books.
Books that I, like yourself, go out to various flea markets or go to library sales and find for 25 cents or 50 cents or $5 or whatever, but books that have been deemed irrelevant to the collections and disposable.
And remarkable books.
And there are all kinds of horror stories of people finding.
I just heard a story of a book that came out of a library up in Vermont that actually had an inscription from Mark Twain in it, you know, that it was not in the greatest of shape.
I think that these various places do supply people like yourself and me.
a means of finding books and rescuing books that are headed for the landfill.
I do have a chapter in this new book I call Deep Sleep, and it takes on the rather esoteric subject of off-site storage, but it is a very fascinating concept, I think, and you do this at Princeton.
In fact, I think Princeton has now gotten together with the New York Public Library and Columbia, I believe,
to set up an off-site storage facility to place books that are not in great demand, but books that they do not want to dispose of.
And so I do get into the politics of this in the current book, Patients in Fortitude, and we'll get into it in greater depth in the next book.
Thanks very much, Jeff.
Storage really is a problem for libraries.
Well, storage and the price.
I mean, what it costs.
But, of course, we have to decide, are these artifacts worth saving?
So we have to make it an issue, I guess.
Okay, Paul in Rochester, New York, hello.
Yes, hi there.
I have a comment about, or at least a question, about W.H.
Auden's famous observation that some books are undeservedly forgotten, none are undeservedly remembered.
I'm wondering, is there such a thing as deservedness in books?
Well, you know, if people were making these moral judgments, then that book I found in the Boston Athenaeum would have been dumped 75 years ago.
It was exactly that anecdote that led me to Carl.
And so, you know, I like to withhold the moral judgment, and I don't think we have that right to make the moral judgment on a book because it hasn't been used in five years, so therefore we will take it upon ourselves to save the sword space and get rid of it.
I think just the opposite.
It's our obligation.
And that's the point I make so forcefully at the end of the prologue of my new book.
I mean, this book had been passed on to us.
I felt like the collective hands of the great book people through history had reached out through, as I say, the swirling eddy of the ages and placed in my hands the precious gift of a book.
It might have seemed irrelevant to somebody 25 years ago
But there were people, there were custodians, there were keepers of books who kept it for me and keep countless others for countless other people.
Thanks so much for your call.
We're going to take a short break.
When we get back, I want to get more into that whole discussion about what a library should be, because I think it was a revelation for me and maybe for other people who aren't close to the world that maybe books aren't as valued as they once were in libraries.
So when we come back, more of our discussion and more questions for Nicholas Bazbaines.
Thank you.
.
National broadcast of The Diane Rehm Show is made possible in part by the members of WAMU and its underwriters, including InktoMe.
Additional support for National Public Radio comes from National Public Radio Stations and the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, the Geraldine R. Dodge Foundation for reporting on biological resource issues,
and the Annie E. Casey Foundation, supporting families and neighborhoods by funding initiatives aimed at helping disadvantaged children.
On the web at aecf.org.
This is NPR, National Public Radio.
On the next Fresh Air, Israeli reaction to the September 11th attacks, America's war against terrorism, and the continued violence in the Middle East.
We talked to the editor of the Jerusalem Report, David Horowitz.
I'm Terry Gross.
Join us for the next Fresh Air.
you